README.md, before:

running-janusgraph-on-ubuntu
==========================

Provides the docker-compose scripts and configuration files along with
instructions on how to install and run Janusgraph on ubuntu
 

Requirements
------------

Docker-Compose must be installed on your machine. See [Install
Compose](https://docs.docker.com/v17.09/compose/install/)

After installation, it is recommended that you assign 4 cores and at least 6GB
of memory to Docker using the Docker application settings.

 

 

![](https://github.com/sadams-rti-org/running-janusgraph-locally/blob/master/details/janusgraph-logo-small.png)

Instructions for installing and using JanusGraph
------------------------------------------------

1.  ssh into your target server

2.  Navigate to where you want to install JanusGraph

3.  Clone this repository, renaming it as desired

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
git clone https://github.com/sadams-rti-org/running-janusgraph-locally
mv running-janusgraph-locally my-janusgraph
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

4.  Create the network and restart docker service (you only have to do this once). 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
./janus-createnetwork
sudo service docker restart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

5.  Edit ./details/configs/gremlin-server.yaml to change user and password

6.  Use one the following commands as desired to run/stop JanusGraph:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
./janus-up
./janus-fresh = (janus-down, janus-erase, janus-up)
./janus-down
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The websocket gremlin API will be available at port 8182:
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~
ws://my-ubuntu-server-after-running-janus-up.com:8182/gremlin
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~

To start a gremlin console from the docker host try:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
docker run --rm --network=catapult-network --link catapult-janusgraph:janusgraph -e GREMLIN_REMOTE_HOSTS=janusgraph -it catapult/janusgraph:latest ./bin/gremlin.sh
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

7.  Once you have run JanusGraph, all your data will be stored in docker managed volumes. 
    Gremlin server logs will be written to the ./details/log on the your host machine.
    The next time you start JanusGaph, it will attach to available data
    automatically. If you desire to erase this data and start over, use one of the
    following commands:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
./janus-erase or ./janus-fresh (see files for details)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 
Reading and writing graph data to and from files
------------------------------------------------

The folder at ./details/graph-io in your installation is bound to
/opt/janusgraph/graph-io inside the container hosting Janusgraph. This means any
file in the ./details/graph-io folder is visible to your Gremlin/Groovy scripts
at /opt/janusgraph/graph-io. You can use FTP to move files to and from the
server hosting Janusgraph.

 

In this distribution there are two graph files provided as examples:

-   air-routes-latest.graphml

-   ohio-counties-with-adjoins-edges.graphson

 

To load these into your database, use gremlin scripts like the following:

For GraphML format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(IoCore.graphml()).readGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/air-routes-latest.graphml")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

or for GraphSON3 format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(IoCore.graphson()).readGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/ohio-counties-with-adjoins-edges.graphson")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

To save your graph to a file, use one of these scripts depending on the output
format desired:

For GraphML format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(IoCore.graphml()).writeGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.xml")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For GraphSON3 format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(graphson()).writeGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.graphson")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Gryo(Kryo) format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(gryo()).writeGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.kryo")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Which can then be read using:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(gryo()).readGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.kryo")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Commit message:

Update readme for remote.yaml changes

README.md, after:

running-janusgraph-on-ubuntu
==========================

Provides the docker-compose scripts and configuration files along with
instructions on how to install and run Janusgraph on ubuntu
 

Requirements
------------

Docker-Compose must be installed on your machine. See [Install
Compose](https://docs.docker.com/v17.09/compose/install/)

After installation, it is recommended that you assign 4 cores and at least 6GB
of memory to Docker using the Docker application settings.

 

 

![](https://github.com/sadams-rti-org/running-janusgraph-locally/blob/master/details/janusgraph-logo-small.png)

Instructions for installing and using JanusGraph
------------------------------------------------

1.  ssh into your target server

2.  Navigate to where you want to install JanusGraph

3.  Clone this repository, renaming it as desired

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
git clone https://github.com/sadams-rti-org/running-janusgraph-locally
mv running-janusgraph-locally my-janusgraph
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

4.  Create the network and restart docker service (you only have to do this once). 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
./janus-createnetwork
sudo service docker restart
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

5.  Edit ./details/configs/gremlin-server.yaml to change user and password
5a. Edit ./details/configs/remote.yaml to change user and password

6.  Use one the following commands as desired to run/stop JanusGraph:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
./janus-up
./janus-fresh = (janus-down, janus-erase, janus-up)
./janus-down
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The websocket gremlin API will be available at port 8182:
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~
ws://my-ubuntu-server-after-running-janus-up.com:8182/gremlin
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~

To start a gremlin console from the docker host try:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
docker run --rm --network=catapult-network --link catapult-janusgraph:janusgraph -e GREMLIN_REMOTE_HOSTS=janusgraph -it catapult/janusgraph:latest ./bin/gremlin.sh
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

7.  Once you have run JanusGraph, all your data will be stored in docker managed volumes. 
    Gremlin server logs will be written to the ./details/log on the your host machine.
    The next time you start JanusGaph, it will attach to available data
    automatically. If you desire to erase this data and start over, use one of the
    following commands:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
./janus-erase or ./janus-fresh (see files for details)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 
Reading and writing graph data to and from files
------------------------------------------------

The folder at ./details/graph-io in your installation is bound to
/opt/janusgraph/graph-io inside the container hosting Janusgraph. This means any
file in the ./details/graph-io folder is visible to your Gremlin/Groovy scripts
at /opt/janusgraph/graph-io. You can use FTP to move files to and from the
server hosting Janusgraph.

 

In this distribution there are two graph files provided as examples:

-   air-routes-latest.graphml

-   ohio-counties-with-adjoins-edges.graphson

 

To load these into your database, use gremlin scripts like the following:

For GraphML format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(IoCore.graphml()).readGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/air-routes-latest.graphml")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

or for GraphSON3 format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(IoCore.graphson()).readGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/ohio-counties-with-adjoins-edges.graphson")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

To save your graph to a file, use one of these scripts depending on the output
format desired:

For GraphML format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(IoCore.graphml()).writeGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.xml")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For GraphSON3 format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(graphson()).writeGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.graphson")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Gryo(Kryo) format:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(gryo()).writeGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.kryo")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Which can then be read using:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
graph.io(gryo()).readGraph("/opt/janusgraph/graph-io/my-graph.kryo")
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
